CLARITY: Due to caption (and the fact i’m a cusp student), it’s easy for me to figure out i’m dealing with NYC. Also it tells me what the colour of the lines mean. In its absence (the caption), the plot would be hard to interpret. I think it would benefit with additional labels.

ESTHETIC: Mingyi appropriately darkens the base geographical plot to emphasize her distance travel lines.  I think her choice of colours for distance travel is appropriate, as lighter gradients tend to emphasize how trips are shorter and going towards the red-ish colour is longer trips. This placed an idea in me to think that red are things we should give particular notice, especially there tend to be a lot of trips from JFK to Manhattan. But that also made me think of the brightly white manhattan...

HONESTY: I think the weakness of this plot is how it portrays distance travelled by yellow taxi cabs, i wouldn’t say it’s dishonest in that it represents trip distance as an Euclidean distance lines but i think because it ignores geographical constraints, it might be missing out on additional insights that we can glean considering those constraints. But i digress considering it might a herculean task for this homework. Despite that, i think the plot emphasizes how certain areas tend to geographical hotspots of taxi trips such as how brightly lit manhattan is or the lines coming from JFK to Manhattan and that’s important to give notice to. 

It might be interesting to figure out how to incorporate percentage of trips to go with distance travelled as i intuit that the distribution may go towards a certain direction for certain routes. IMO, i think you can relegate percentage to colour since we can readily perceive distance anyway….  Although I understand that plot essentially also does that by drawing more lines towards the same direction. 
