I forked the repository of Marvin Mananghaya and read his hypothesis that there are more citibike riders during the week compared to the weekend. <br>
<br>
a. I can verify that the null and alternative hypotheses are formulated correctly. Marvin used the proportion of riders for the weekday compared to the weekend, however there should be a larger proportion for the weekday because there are more days to be accounted for. Perhaps using the mean might have been more applicable? <br> 

Marvin did address this disparity by normalizing the data by their respective standard deviation at the end of the notebook. Seems very well done! <br>
<br>
b. With regard to the data selected, Marvin definitely supported the project with the appropriate features to answer the question, and even went so far as to identify when a day began and ended to ensure accuracy. <br> 
I would confidently state that the data was properly preprocessed to extract the needed values. <br>
<br>
c. When choosing the appropriate test, I would argue the two groups are paired. Because weekday riders might also be weekend riders...therefore are not two separate groups entirely. <br>
Because the data is non-parametric and we are looking at two groups, I would recomend using the 2 groups Wilcoxon's matched pairs signed rank test.<br>
<br>
d. Perhaps an interesting question which it seems Marvin already explored with the plots, is the difference between individual week days. This would also allow for a more appropriate use of the proportion in the hypothesis testing. <br>
